advanced life. So today, the AMA title, the value of block lag, where we will explore one of the
most promising networks, shaping the next generation of decentralized infrastructure.
So block lag introduces a new approach to blockchain scalability by combining the standard
of two core model in the kit world, the UTX model known for the speed and privacy and
account best model known for enabling smart contact and decentralized application. So it's
bring both together within a deck best or ledger powered by co-stag, a protocol, allowing
multiple block to created and validated in parallel. Yeah, this design enhances efficiency,
lower fees and gives the network secure and decentralized. So block lag is also fully
EVM compatible, meaning the developers can deploy and migrate their exciting existing
ethereum, depth, token and smart contacts with minimal adjustments. So with it's a UTXO
EVM breeze, user can move assets seamlessly between fast payment transaction and smart
contact environment, entering the base of both worlds. So to help us understand this with
the included depth, we are joined today by Nicolas Davis, Anthony Turner, Ray Davis and
Mohammed Adam, who will tell us more about the project and answer your questions from the
comment. So where's Cam Nicolas and Anthony? It's great to have you both here at the
kit world class. So over to you, Nick. Thank you again for hosting us. Really appreciate it.
It had a power hack day made last week and looking forward to tonight. So good morning,
everybody, off the new evening, wherever you've logged in today. I don't know if you noticed
I'm wearing up brand new BWTL being merged and dust and quite excited in so I'm wearing it tonight.
But, um, the top global community, first and foremost, thank you for being here. I'm Nick
from the book, the Seema block tag. I'm proud to welcome you to this live air, May, from our partner
platform. Anthony, today marks a big chapter for block tag first and foremost, a huge thank you
to the community. I think, you know, this week, we officially launched the the value era and
to ensure obviously B-Dag is positioned for the long term. The countdown for our launch is certainly
on and you're decision to engage no matters because as the supply of B-Dag becomes
scarcer, the ecosystem adoption is ramping up. And I guess, you know, earlier positions are
becoming more meaningful. So whether you're buying now, somebody watching your part of this global
movement that we're building, just to note, I'll presale those clothes on February the 10th,
uh, 26. So use our applications, stay active in the community channels, keep your eyes on our
listing events, the ecosystem launches. I know we've got a big ecosystem launch that's happening
at the moment. We've just been talking about it, the boldest find that mean I know
these are the risks of my colleagues that've been putting some incredible hours into launching
this into the community. And certainly B-Dag is not shifting into, you know, from pre-cell
into our TGE roadmap. So not again to this specifics, the bulls, the integrations, and the big
delivery timeline. I'm handing over to our fearless CEO at Nitorna and Reed and Muhammad.
They'll walk you through how everything is being outlined today. We want that translates into
from an execution perspective, underground, and what's nicked for rock-dag and the ecosystem.
And we guys, the four results, the support to a great aim at it. Yeah, thank you. Thank you,
thank you, Nicholas. It's a really great to have you both back again with us for
a second session here on Kiproclass. And we truly appreciate taking the time to continue sharing
more about the block deck and helping that community understand the project given better.
Now, I'll do you, Anthony, please go ahead. Yeah, thank you very much.
Thanks Nick for your introduction. As you say, lots of exciting things happening, lots of things
on the go. So we, we're thrilled to be here again this time round. We hope we don't keep you for two
hours. So we've been, we've been told to, to make sure we, we've got now as so we'll use it wisely.
But yeah, I've created a heavy year and thanks for your time again. So I certainly believe that
we've, we've got an amazing project. And we're building something truly special here.
We've got a deck that's revolutionised as the way that transactions happen in a block chain.
And yeah, we, we want, we want to show that to the world. But like a lot of projects, whether it's
in crypto or IT or whatever else, there are always challenges. And we've had our fair share of challenges.
We know we've had it probably more than our fair share of challenges. We've had it a couple
of mistakes that we've, we've had along the way. And last week, we obviously had some challenging
questions. We had some good dialogue with the community. We were called out on some things and
yeah, we had a chance to obviously present the no bonus era, which is I think is fantastic.
We've moved away from bonuses as Nick said. I think, and I'm just taking a chance to sort of
reflect. So I need to start by apologising for various times in the past where I've come across as
undecided or uncommitted or vague in terms of answers. And that revolves around some of the
missteps, the tech minor, the recent excess bonus points that we've, that we've gone through
and those sorts of things where the communities called me, I can said, you haven't had a
head, you haven't had a good answer for those issues. And I've been quite vague around it talking
specifically using wording like I wasn't aware and I shouldn't have
been aware or next time I'll be more focused on it. And I think that I'm apologising for that,
but it was, it was done to a certain degree out of necessity. It wasn't, it wasn't that I didn't
want to be open and transparent. But what I can do now is be more transparent around it's
attractive for us or just verify what my role is in blockchain and what it has been. And that
obviously, give you some understanding of why I was fairly vague in terms of those answers. So my
role has been to focus on the development, holding the blockchain, building infrastructure,
bringing in exchanges, working with them. So everything that revolves around
building and launching of blockchain to the including building the community around it.
That's been the focus. It hasn't been marketing. It hasn't been the presale. It hasn't been anything
around the financial side of the business, financial management, treasury, anything like that.
So that's been outside of my focus and outside of my area of responsibility.
Obviously, everyone's called me on it because the CEO is expected to be responsible for everything.
And that's always put me in a bit of a difficult spot. And that's an, and I can just
apologize for that. I'm just being very clear where I've been responsible. This is not me trying
to show responsibility. It's just giving you clarity around answers that I've given.
So that brings me to a pretty big point that I need to bring up or discussion. And that's why
I need to lead in with my roles and responsibilities up to you. It has been agreed within the project
in principle that from here on with a bit of a transition period that I will be taking
about all responsibilities that you would expect of a CEO. So all responsibilities are marketing
for finance for delivering the product, for support, for treasury, for financial controls, for everything.
So everything will be transitioned and handed over. All IP and development work will be handed over
all funds raised and all marketing. So that will, through a transition period, it will fall
under the CEO. I'm a CEO at the moment. If the community has better ideas, then I'm sure
we'll hear about it. But right now, I hope that everyone is happy to trust me with that. I think
of demonstrated that within my ability, I've always been honest, I've always tried to do
the absolute most that I could within the sort of constraints of my role and my constraints
of my abilities. In terms of how that will work, so just to give you a bit more sort of structure
around it, the plan is to create a new structure. It's important to move away from the past,
creating a new structure. It will be owned by the community. Obviously, we've come from a space where
there's a lack of trust in, for very good reasons, we need to move away from that. So we're
going to be setting up a new structure. It'll be owned by the community. Most likely, the ownership
will be through a dial before everyone gets worried about dials that have nested not necessarily
worked. We're looking at using a dial for the ownership and the voting as shareholders,
not as a management platform for the project, because that hasn't necessarily worked well. So
giving the community some sort of dial type ownership in the project, creating an operating
company, which is probably going to be in Panama, a foundation, which won't be an issue in Switzerland,
because we can't have one in Switzerland until we've launched. So there'll be an interim foundation
and then the plan is when we can to move that to Switzerland once we combine. All the funds from
the precell will be obviously part of that. There'll be held transparency within the structure
in one or multi-multi-sig wallet, NPC wallets, etc, for the community to have visibility over.
So just to recap, going through all again, we're moving away from the construction,
we're moving away from restricted responsibilities for the CEO in the new, in the new era,
I will have, or the CEO will have full responsibility over everything as you would have in a normal
company. We will transfer everything across, which includes the IP, every all the development
that's been done, all the infrastructure that's been built, all the funds raised that remain
after all expenses. Now I know there's lots of questions around how much is that.
I'm talking at this stage, we're going through sort of high-level and principle.
So everything that remains after the expenses that have been paid will be transferred across,
part of the responsibility will obviously be to take over the marketing as well,
into this new structure through some sort of Dow ownership with a foundation,
eventually in Switzerland, and some sort of operating company probably in Panama.
Full visibility over the funds in that structure and obviously openness to work with the
community through the Dow. Through whatever other structures and obviously embracing the
relationships we've created here and taking that forward as part of that.
I think that covers it. It's been a lot of stuff that we've been working on this week.
No one has actually aware that we were getting this far, that's quick here. Thanks.
I'm hoping certainly Muhammad and Greer, you're happy with this announcement.
It's new to me. It's new to everyone. It's come together very quickly and I appreciate
the willingness for everyone in the current structure to embrace this and to allow it to happen.
We need to be appreciated of that. I don't have all the details. We busy working on a bunch of
stuff here, so I'm not going to try and sort of give you more details.
As it impacts and as we create more certainty around the plan, we'll get that information out.
There is going to be a transition period. It's going to be tricky because we don't want to
we have business as usual. The transition is going to be obviously more impactful around marketing
because there's a bigger change in management there. From a depth perspective and all the rest,
it's mostly business as usual, so that's that that will just so carry on.
But from the comms and marketing, that will change. I'm going to obviously hand over to you guys
and there's probably a bunch of questions. Just to mention, we want to move with this quickly.
I'm at the staff even the structuring's probably takes four weeks to get the structures in place
then to do final transitions instead. It's likely going to take us to the practical end of the year.
We are going to move quickly on what we can. So from my perspective, the sort of low-hang fruits
that we can tackle quickly, that don't get stuck in all the nuances of the structure and things are
support. Getting that wrap up, improving, sorting out the compromise wallets, starting to move
on the community management to start embracing the community. We shouldn't have groups that are forming
outside of the community. We know why it's happened and it's a natural progression of what's
happened that we need to embrace people. So that side of things, part of the structuring is also
addressing me, for another compliance as well. I think that covers most of what I wanted to say.
I know there's a bunch of questions. I've got less answers on some of those because the focus has
been on this, which I think has been probably far more material to everyone as opposed to tackling
individual questions around things. If I can hand over to you guys, thanks very much.
Hey Anthony, my part must be a three-part question. It's basically the same question.
It's coming out of the chat. I'm Simon Straming. Essentially, are you now planning on hiring a
compliance officer as well as a CFO? Is that in the near term?
Definitely a project like this should have both of those roles. Absolutely.
The main question that's coming out of the chat is if you weren't responsible for the financial
aspect in what not, who was? I can't answer that. I know everyone will continue to have questions.
I'm not able to answer that. All I can say is I think this is a solution which allows us to move forward.
It's not going to erase the past, but I think we need to move forward. It allows us to move forward
stronger. I think any other route forward potentially would have ended up with with with with
the regulators or fights or whatever and that would have been counterproductive. This is the quickest way to
to move on and sometimes the best way to move on is to just look forward. If I can ask the
community to work with us and brace this, I'm not trying to not try to pay it over the issues of
the past, but this is the best I can do and I think we just need to run with it. We need to make
the most of this project. We come in close to Presell, Presell end and launching and we need to get
out of this phase and into the new era as fast as we can.
Good morning. The while we're at it, you know, just wanted to just go into this head on.
First off, I just want to start out by saying thank you for having both read and I here and
for bringing the community to the table despite what are disagreements have been,
despite how much we have class heads. I do appreciate the fact that you have allowed us to
come to the table, build our communities and listen to us, no matter how much your differences are.
So I just want to put that out there. You know, just to kind of head into this before we get into
the deeper topics, could you just comment on earlier this week we have had some very controversial
releases regarding SAC, SPT, just wanted to see if there's anything that you want to respond
to in terms of that because there's been a lot of controversy.
So I think from the bits that I've seen out there, I mean, I think two months ago,
put something out which, which I think picked up a lot less less of the community picked up on it,
but that was quite misdirected in terms of he was quoting sort of things like copy,
white papers and things. So I think that was sort of a not a bit not very well-thounded sort of
uh, uh, uh, written on block deck obviously this one's this one's a lot more aligned with the
general community sentiment. So I think he's mostly echoing what he's seeing out there. I don't see
that he's come up with anything sort of groundbreaking that that is is very specific and I
may sort of miss something. But again, I think it's the same answer to read question as well.
I mean, I can't comment more on that. Okay, so that's the most I can say.
Okay. Well, then I'm just going to say we need to jump into tokenomics. There's a lot to cover
there. I know that you had kind of showed us a couple of plans that you had put together and the
various levels of fairness. I personally have witnessed you working over the last two weeks and I
know that you're trying to look at it from a very macro perspective based on fairness and
um, um, trying to ensure that um, that recovering as many basis as possible. I'm sure there's
going to be some outliers, but um, if you could just break us into that, I think that's going to be
a big conversation and uh, we need to spend a lot of time on. Uh, yeah, sure. Let me do that.
Um, that's why most people here today actually need to find out about that.
Yeah, sure. So I think I mean, just I'm going to I'll pull my screen back to being up in a moment,
but um, I mean, if I can just ask you guys a question, um, representing a community of
and read in my home, in terms of, um, what of, what are the non-small? I'm in does that?
Is that give you a good sense for a bright future for the project? I could say how do you feel
that the uh, chat, we've got a live chat going here and it was very happy news.
People are confident in your leadership. Um, there's going to be a lot of questions that are
still left afterwards. Um, you know, as you said, you couldn't answer some of those, but overall,
we would love to see you in control and being able to operate as a CEO is supposed to operate.
And um, you know, having full control over the various aspects, we need somebody that has to take
the responsibility upon their shoulders. And I think that uh, you're an honest and, and um, um,
and a smart guy. And just to add to that, you know, even as soon as you're not
instead of getting tired saying people telling me, say thank you on behalf of them, um,
you know, this is what we've been fighting for. This is what we've been asking for, you know,
we just need the project to be around where transparency and integrity and like a crypto
project should, um, and you know, the community is super happy right now, everyone's celebrating.
So thank you guys for for listening to us and making those changes very well received.
Yeah, that's great. I appreciate that feedback and yeah, and the vote of confidence that's great.
We're also looking for a bright and also a transparent and legally compliant future. I mean,
it's it's important that and we certainly have to embrace that. And the structure that we
come up will make sure that that that that that it tends to all of that. Um, so from a token
I'm expective, I mean, some of these are just slides from last week, so it's just a quick recap.
Um, this was the slide where we presented obviously the over sale of uh, the precell tokens.
Um, mostly in terms of the bonuses are 125, uh, the invoices that have been sold, which is way more
than the allocation. Um, I talked you through four solutions, um, different types of solutions.
The last one, which I presented being the preferred one from outside was really taking, uh,
taking the taking the non bonus tokens and those were 16 billion and saying, what have we got
left in that call of 50? And that's the amount of bonus tokens we can allocate and we'll squeeze
whatever was sold into that. And the result of that was roughly 75% reduction of bonuses. Um,
it's it's fairly simple. Um, it's depending on the approach that can be used to restore some
fairness to the early investors, et cetera. Um, there were quite a few community comments around
content we use mining, uh, mining tokens for that or mining coins for that. Um, I was quite
hesitant or hesitant to mess with things like that. Um, but it is a big pool and it has been designed
to give us, I think, for the odd years of mining and maybe that's not needed. Um, but again, it's
generally front loaded. So the 50 odd years, the tail end of it, there's very few coins that have
been distributed. So you don't have, you don't have a lot to play with before the 50 becomes 20.
Um, so I think we will still look at that and I said to you guys earlier, it's not as being
prescriptive. I mean, this is still our preferred approach. Um, we'll look at that. The other
thing which we're looking at now because of the new structure is, um, all the down we would have
another token. Um, well, we talked about having another token because in this instance was we bringing
it in at the stage, it's better to have a separate token and that'll be a governance token and that
can also be allocated to compensate for, uh, for the bonuses that people have lost out on. So that's
something else that we're looking at to make good way of people have lost out of more bonus tokens
than they hoped. So that's another sort of element of value we could bring into that.
Again, I don't have details, but it sits in, it's a new possibility. Um, I think what was
important, yeah, which really affects people is it's what it's one thing to say. Well, everyone
it's a 75% haircut. The question is who takes the haircut? Um, and that's a relevant part.
So, uh, we'll just make some of those. So, uh, this is the current scenario and actually
that the slide I showed in the previous last week's AMA was wrong. I didn't have 150%
billion vester bonus in. So currently, depending which month you invest in, uh, into the project,
if you had 100 dollars, this is these are the tokens you would get you to bought. Um,
I did say last time, this is not accurate. Uh, John's fell, jumped down my commentary and said,
you can't say things on accurate sale. Rephrase that and say, this is a rough estimation.
It depends on when in the month we bought in and it depends on other factors. So this is a rough
estimation of what you would have caught if you bought in these months. Um, and obviously you can see
very early investors did exceptionally well. Um, and then obviously the late investors did very well
with bonus tokens, but they caught tokens are pretty low. Um, so the the first option and and
I'm just going to transition hopefully you can see a changing. So as I click to it, I've lifted
in the same place so you can see how to change it. So the first option was
take all of those bonuses and just divide them by quarter. Um, so everyone takes a 75% here
cut equally. Um, so you can see the structure remains mostly the same, but the the orange bits
just drops in proportion all over it. Um, very early investors still weigh better off than everyone
and obviously the later investors still lock better off. Everyone in that middle today is really
just had a bullet get a bit of a raw deal. Um, so the second option was let's grab the bonuses,
look at the percentage and reapply to everyone. So in this case, everyone gets a 555, 155
for the same bonus. Um, so it's purely proportionate to the blue portion or the B-dags they've bought.
So it's going to be with historically what you actually allocated. And this obviously
completely different else I'll switch between them again. Um, that's the previous one. That's this one.
Very much front loaded super unfair to everyone later on and very sort of pretty very much
uh, promoting the super early investors. Um, option three is a combination of the two. So it
gives you part of the first and part of the second. Um, I'll go back to the first one
and then option three. So it equalizes things to certain degree. The the guys buying in the middle
a lot of sort of less worse off. Um, the guys buying later on on this better off. And it's still very similar.
What I've now now down the four and this is the fourth option and it seems to be my fourth options
are always my preferred ones. Um, this is actually so there's a flaw in the mechanics of all these
where the pricing takes a linear price increase and it creates that hockey stick where the first
guy gets a massive amount of bonuses. So massive amount of tokens and very quickly it tapers off. So that
whole that whole um shape that you saw in the first one or in all the others is because of the
mechanics of the price increase. So if you go to what's called a geometric price increase and I'm
not going to try and explain that it's a different way of doing it. Um, it gives you a formal gradual
increase on price and it gives you a far better allocation of coins over time. So this, this effectively
used bonuses to mostly mimic what a geometric allocation would look like. And it still combines
multiple of the others. But so you still see that the later guys are still getting high bonuses.
So we haven't sort of completely squashed that out. What we've also done is the early investors are
actually gained less here. So which I think is is fair because if you look at the current situation,
the first man for two really got a lot. So that was also disproportionate to the time that they invested.
So my view and again, I'm sure we'll get a lot feedback from the community. My view is this visually
certainly represents something that looks a lot fairer. It doesn't address the fact that people
bought on the pretenses of certain amounts of bonuses. So it doesn't address that fully although
that's still built into it's likely. But um, if you if you take it in terms of the the most
fair one, then I think this is it. Um, as I said, yeah, it doesn't address people buying in when they
expect to get a bit bonus and now they're not going to. And I'll take a pause there for you guys
to comment on this. I'm looking at the chat right now. And it's four, four, four, Jamie,
a really important member of our community has said between three and four is his opinion. But it's
overwhelming for. Yeah. And the thing with this model to the declines are not short. It's
consistently. There's a pattern where where you just, you know, it doesn't it's not declining
at the risk of other people losing in terms of what they're investing. So I'm seeing the same thing
as well to right now. You know, Jessica is another very important team member community member.
And um, he, uh, he also has been one of the, um, I don't know what word to say, but let's just
say he was very critical and and watching everything very closely. And um, he also agrees with
number four. So, uh, you know, he's got a pretty pretty good eye for stuff. Yeah, I'm seeing the same
thing coming from multiple who chats as well. Still we have going on the side. Everybody's
pretty much agreeing with the thought option. Okay. I mean, that's good to hear. And these, I mean,
there was a lot of work that went into them. I mean, I was sharing stuff last night with with
you guys getting your, your idea on this whole geometric progression because that's, and I mean,
I've learned through this as well is that if you want to, if you want to have a pricing increase
like we had geometric as a way to go. It's far fair. So, so it's been a learning experience for
me as well. Um, I think that the plan is not to cement this in stone. So we're open for more
commentary. Um, so this class to seven, but plus the overall plan is still up for commentary.
We'll look at the, uh, the mining rewards. We'll look at the governance rewards. See how those
potentially could come in here. Again, we don't want to sort of extend this. We don't want to be talking
about this for the next month either. So I think in the next two weeks, we probably need to wrap this
up. We don't rush it either because we've, it's easy to make mistakes, but it's sort of
commit to maybe two weeks to get it finalized. Um, or you guys, you guys, we'll play with that sort of
timeline. I think that sounds perfect. Yeah. I'm okay with that as well. Um, once it's finalized,
do you know what the timeline looks like in order to get those changes updated to the dashboard?
Because I know that's going to be the next question from everyone.
Yeah. So I think I mean, I'll, I'll, I'll pre-embark. I mean, then roughly where we're going. I mean,
we need to make sure we've got people starting to, to work on this. Um, I think it'll probably
take us another week to get it, uh, get it reflecting correctly. Um, that's, that's my guess to
it. Um, you know, I'm seeing some questions come through. We're going to have some people who are
very difficult to please in this situation. Is there going to be a option for, for lack of a better
term, say a buyback or maybe even to be able to change some bonus stuff out to miners or, or any
any number of other options for our outliers who are just, um, really disgruntled and, um, to try and
make as many people play cated as possible. Yeah. Um, good, good question. I don't, I don't
necessarily have an answer. I mean, I think I need to give some thought to it. Um, I mean, what,
what we don't want obviously is, is half the project deciding they, they want to refund them
in that. That's, that's obviously, once we open that it's, we can't then pick and choose who
it is. We, we offer it too. So it's, it's not a tricky one. But I mean, I recognize the people that
using, for instance, the double up and those sort of things they, this, this, this, this, this
infects them a lot more than everyone else. Um, I suppose, one thing just to mention, I mean,
we all feel like we, and I know I'm saying we, but I'll come back to why I'm mentioning we, but
well, partly because I've also got, I've also bought tokens as well. But we, we all feel like
we're losing something, but I think what we need to realize is that we're gaining,
we're gaining in the sense that we're protecting a project and we're protecting value. So if we
went and we just did the, the, the, the super simple and we just expanded our token, I mix
double them or whatever. Eventually, effectively it halves the price of the tokens. So you haven't
achieved anything, so I think it doesn't, it doesn't remove us from the fact that we shouldn't
have sold like this, but right now, if we're just looking at how do we fix this, we have to fix it
in some way. The best is not to, not to compromise the core tokens, because those are the tokens
you get up front, so we're not messing with those, we're only messing with the bonus ones,
and we're doing it in a touch that's one of the, in a approach that we feel as, as far as possible to
everyone, not lies. I think probably best for now is they need to just get hold of me directly
if they, and, and not, I mean, I don't want to floodgate of every guy who says he feels he needs
another 10% because that could be thousands, but if, if, if, if there's a case for someone who has
six of bonus tokens and this completely destroys the investment, then send me a mail and I'll
try and deal with them, depending on how many come through on that. I think there's going to be a lot
of people who are back in you and want to stay in this project. I know the community, there's only
a handful of people who are really not pleased and kind of have voice their opinion that they really
want out. You know, I don't think, I don't think there's going to be a huge number of people
that want out. We want to see a blockchain that disrupts the decentralizes and really becomes the
people's blockchain with low gas fees and all that. That is, you know, the vision that we saw
on the white paper that a lot of us early investors bought into, you know, we bought into it before
there was any doxing before. We had an X1 app. There was literally a white paper and a keynote and
you know, so I think a lot of us are going to stick with you. One thing that I want to mention
something that's a part of the allocation deal is, you know, the X1 miner we have three and a half
million X1 users as well as, you know, a small number of wallets, you know, connected wallets
says in comparison to. Is there any way that we can take the X1 allocation out of the mining
since it is, you know, I don't think that that would be too much of a jump to switch that allocation
over. If we could do X1 X10 out of mining and then another part of that is there's been a lot of
call that, you know, it was not the communities fault that oversold. The community
reached out to the team multiple times from at the very latest may to now informing of the
oversell and there has been a call for the team to take a type of reduction as well to
stand shoulder to shoulder and solidarity with us if we're going to take the hit, then the people
responsible should take the hit as well. Yeah, so that's what I was hinting at earlier. It's actually on my
list, so I'll deal with it now, I mean, it's in the open so I'm in. So I think what is right, as you
say, I mean, there'd be there'd been mistakes that have occurred under the current teams watch
and we recognise that, so the current allocation to the team is 1% which is 1.5 billion tokens,
I think it's just just say, or to state that that's one of the smallest allocations in any project
that I've ever seen, so it's if we were sitting at 10%, then I would say we'll take 75% off as
well, that's absolutely fair, that's the lead plenty there for the team. It's a small allocation,
we've got a large team, we also don't want to just incentivize them as well, so I think what
what I'm comfortable with is that we drop back to 21 billion, so that's a third off,
I think that's still so sufficient for the team, we'll be super happy with that,
but I mean, it shows that we're willing to put our hands in our pockets as well.
I think just the show of it speaks volumes and I think that we're going to have valuable
coins as we move forward and that we can, I've told the community multiple times that
everybody's buying a portion of this pre-sale. If it's 50 billion, you're buying a portion and the
number of tokens isn't as important as your percentage of what of the pre-sale that you've purchased,
and so as long as it's fair and across the board, you still own that percentage of the pre-sale
and when the ecosystem is built behind it, and we have a business behind it that's making money,
then we're going to have a valuable coin. I would agree with that, I think the key thing
that we realize to reach points when I invested and blocked that there was nothing to go with,
it was just promises, there was nothing behind it, and we took a risk, everyone I know was actually
advising me against it, and I took a risk in it, and you know, at one point I did question myself
if I made the right decision, and so today actually sitting at a stable, you're given me purpose to
believe again, and there's a lot of investors that are feeling that way right now to begin with,
so the direction that this is all going to take us as a scarcity piece, and I'm really happy to
the team is stepping up and taking accountability for that piece as well. I know you mentioned
that you have a large team as well, is there any inside that you could share in terms of the
people that you have work in behind it seems to make this all happen because from a day to day basis
we're seeing you guys at the forefront, but not sure if you're able to shed any context on the
size of the team and you know just surrender community but it's better able to understand.
Yeah sure I mean I think so you've seen the team obviously on the website, we haven't kept adding
people, but we do need to we do need to do a refresh anyway, I'm trying to think of the numbers
we've got we've got just short of I think we're on about 23 people in what I would call this
sort of team that I work closely with, then we've got a fairly large team in India that
does a lot of dev for us, we slowly bringing dev across into our core team, so we're hiring dev,
so that's sort of a transition, bringing them into our time zone and we're possible into our
office as well, so we're trying to create sort of a local team as well, so that's where some of
the growth will happen and then there's the marketing team is spread around the world and as
a part of this transition we'll also look to some changes there as well as we move a
move away from some of the some of the guys we're using and we engage with others, so that's
that'll be a change as well, so it's a it's a fairly broad team all over but the core team is sort of
yeah I think we're you know just short of 25 at the moment and then the risk to more spread out
Anthony I just want to say that I'm getting some sentiment from the community as well that
you know if you've worked in charge of the sale of those the over sale I guess I should say
of those coins and that aspect of pre-sale and the financials but there are some people that are
saying that you know the dev team shouldn't have to take that hit and the person who was responsible
or entity that was responsible should pony up and and cover that loss for the team I'm just
you know respond I'm just pinching that is something to be said a lot of people back in the
dev team is what I'm getting at you know I'm just gonna throw a couple of questions out there before
I get chewed a light by right it that's gonna have what anyway I want that investors
right a group could be so just want to make sure I'm representing their interest one of the things
that I saw very common well two things actually the first one was you know will there be
audit on on the finance that was been collected that's number one and number two is you know
can you share some clarification regarding the large investor coming in and whether or not
or if that will impact the current smaller allocation that we're looking at for bonuses so two
questions just throwing them at you have a one caveat to that is that it was put out that with the new
investor that is 2.6 billion at like 3.04 cents or something to that effect and there's been a
lot of people say that why would they buy it 3.04 cents when they can buy at half a penny right now
so you know if you would work that into it as well yeah absolutely so so just before that I just
want to point out to everyone as far as I know both of you guys are considered early investors
your promotion of of of solution or option four works against you guys and so I mean I think
everyone just needs to be meet needs to realize that that you guys are half of the good of the project
if you were trying to sort of keep yourselves enriched you would be going for I think it was probably
option two that gave you getting the best bang bang for your back onto your questions so from an
audit perspective I'm not sure what we're going to be able to achieve and that's probably
all I can say for now I mean it's part of this transition it's going to be a restructure
there will be clarity in terms of what we take forward in terms of how we got there and and where
the money wins we'll have a breakdown of that whether it's a full audit as you'd want as an
fully independent or whether it's just a breakdown I can't say for now and that's so that's
all I can give you on that in in terms of the large investor and we've been trying to ascertain
obviously there's a lot of stuff happening in in in the market at the moment well in the
community around the projects and all these discussions so it's less clear whether this large
investor is still there we hope he is and if he's listening we we certainly welcome you
but yeah I mean it's a lot a lot to invest we we'd love to have him in in terms of the
the terms around that I mean the video I recorded I'm spying not to I'm trying to keep it short
and so I didn't go into all of the details but effectively it's roughly the terms where I gave you
the bonus allocation of 2.6 billion bonuses but there is also a large allocation of 2.6 billion tokens
that will non bonus coins and then a further 51 billion bonus token to bonus coins so if he came
on that would obviously come into the mix obviously makes quite a dramatic change to all the
calculation we've been doing I think it probably gives us even more reason to look at the
mining pool if we if that guy comes in we wouldn't necessarily want to say no to a good investor who
brings good money and obviously the money's coming in at a time where and on on the terms that
it'll come straight into a multi-sig wallet which we as the project have visibility and
control over something that's also important it's it's good money that will have visible to us
sort of from the get-go so we don't want to say say no to it but equally we need to allocate
potentially another 52 billion bonus tokens and we might have to then borrow from the mining
but let's I suppose we have to first work see if it comes in if he doesn't but then that's the
problem we don't have what about the referral tokens because I saw some questions out there
are those a lot of test-part FTO for all of this is the poll that we're currently considering the
referrals. Yeah so at this stage everything is lumped in there including any winnings from
any competitions we've obviously excluded the tech mining portion because that's already been
compressed reduced and the x1 sorry I didn't answer your question really earlier whatever isn't
given half as part of the x1 we'll certainly allocate two bonuses so I mean we'll use whatever's left
over there and there probably is a fair bit left over once people do their conversions
but that's so we wouldn't compress that and we wouldn't compress tap finance but it would be
everything else gets compressed in the same way. Okay a big one is the buyer battles the buyer
battles everybody everybody ate it up especially if we're over selling how are we just given away these
coins and this that whatever and you know like I said as far as the community is concerned we
we've known that we were oversold since like May so you know what what's the plan on addressing
that do you have anything to stay on that and all this lets you take the floor again agree with your
sentiment I don't think they can show me contributed much to the pre-cell in terms of bringing
a much more revenue they just contributed to the afloat tokens so I think it was a net net last
overall and it also confused things because the worst thing is to have multiple promotions
running at once because you don't know which ones really effective so I don't think there's
anything we do about it as in it's part of the bonus tokens that we're dealing with they
did dealt with like that but yeah have the miners been paid for is this the orders in
are those on schedule from where we talked about last time is is all that good to go
so we've paid for we've paid I'm just trying to get my facts right and we've paid for half of the
X-100s we gave I think two days ago three days ago two days ago Jeremy gave the final
technical sign off on the new miners so that was required and now we we we we have to pay the
we have to pay the first half of the ex-thetis this week and that's the only the only obligation
for now and then we've paid the final half I think we've ordered a brief you mean this week
upcoming yeah upcoming week yeah so we've got to pay 50% on the ex-thetis this coming week
so that was only due off to technical sign off which I think was yesterday Jeremy gave finally
okay I also want to just mention that for the build-up on that's taking place
in one hour after this AMA there is an orientation for for the people that have signed up for
that project and I want to make sure they get on that live stream check your email
yes you know thanks for bringing that read I know that there's been a lot of work around that
certainly driving the ecosystem if I can touch on that for a while if I may know we've just
heavily covered the economics with this some incredible you know projects and dishes that are happening
you know in parallel to everything that's going on so yeah just make sure obviously you're
you're well entuned on that that orientation there's some incredible work Lisa some other colleagues
have been putting into that and it's certainly going to drive this project's ecosystem
building on mom and you and me speaking about you know all of the other initiatives that are
coming through from the grinds program side and something I'm going to also endeavor to
push out there what's actually happening I know there were a few questions pertaining to
you know what are those projects and this is one of them and you know it's resulted in
an incredible you know ecosystem of developers that are building within our environment
it's certainly leading to some really worthwhile projects from a de-application perspective that's
obviously all going to have as I keep saying you know value to the ecosystem value to you know
the token as a whole as we go you know through this process of building launching TG obviously
mainnet so it's very exciting for everybody and make sure you do participate if you
part of the dead community and you're you know looking to get involved this is certainly one of
those projects that's got some legs and you know it can gear up full you know
accessing our program which we've been very successful in you know go ahead
oh no go ahead I wanted to say that we have a dedicated new group of node operators
who have been I think last count was like 91 but there's been a few more than that and that's
that's not 91 node operators around the world that's connected to bug day that's ones that we all
chat every day and we all work together and we write scripts for nodes in this that whatever
of I could throw some names out but a poo and puddle jacked and a few guys are just a
really into that and and I believe in all these guys and and I think that when we have investors
who are dedicated to the project who are running nodes who have ordered miners and who are going
to be using their ideas from their life experience to build decentralized applications on the
chain even if they're not professional developers the ideas and bringing them to the forefront
and being involved in this I think it's going to be a good thing for the community overall to
just have people that are literally all in when you say all in that's what I mean that they're
invested they're running nodes they're running miners they're building apps I mean it's just a
wonderful thing and I'm really excited about that but there is one other question I wanted to get
into before we close and that is in the roadmap there's a seven day trading window
that is for various things and people are afraid that there's going to be some kind of
insider advantage that you know creates a dump situation or whatever and any of you could address
that that would be great before we run at a time yeah sure so so so that is actually and
and it's not clear whether it will happen but some of the exchanges may request an exclusive trading
period some of the big ones if we manage to land them for our initial launch if they're big enough
and if it's worthwhile then we might give them a seven day trading window so it's it's
it's pretty I mean it's it's massive for us if we get the right exchange and if we and
if they do that they'll put a lot behind it as well so we'll weigh it up we'll see whether it's worthwhile
but it certainly doesn't it doesn't it can't be used for insider trading it's just going to be one
of the big global exchanges that has an exclusive trading period in the whole community would be able
to be able to be involved in that yeah it's really one exchange it's not there's no it's not
thing to do with the vesting period and who got the tokens first or second it's none of that all right
outstanding I hope that quick. One other thing I think was a really good feedback that I've
that that someone made or multiple people is can we see more more video or blogs and tests
minors can we see what's going on because you know they've paid for something they want to see
where their money is going on that quiet so I'd encourage you maybe not so much
question but feedback can we get more at on the front line that a weekly death progress video
format and if I could add to that if we could get an app draw or a wattage draw in real time
of x 30 and x 100 under load so people can start setting up their electrical systems and we can
actually load this thing properly I think we've been expecting to empower supplies but since we've
changed manufacturers a couple of times you know we would like to just have that firm got
in the near future yeah we will we'll get someone to actually yes I'm so given actual
on loads stats for you and then I'll we'll make sure that we've got the the actual sort of
status as well available and just in closing I just want to say out and you know to all of
our viewers out there especially those that we've been working with on Facebook, Radic,
to the Grammys reads that we're not just advocating for you we're creating ideas like
read said you know we're we're building up notes we're building out smart contracts we're looking
at ideas we're looking at you know new ideas around in gaming and all of that we're taking this
to your extreme platform because we've put in a lot of money into this project and we want to see
it thrive you know I get people question me all the time why are you so like you're acting like
you know you're an insider on this project and that's not what it comes down to I've invested a lot
of money and naturally I'm passionate about this to see it grow and see it expand and you know that's
why we're on the forefront losing sleep trying to make this work because at the end of the day
of this crashes as not just our credibility it's everything that we put into this project in order
to make it work so you know for a viewers out of the air if you do want to support us just you know
we are on Reddit like blockback investors and Facebook as well so feel free to check us up
and that's all I want to say I'm getting feedback this is the best AMA ever so moving forward
I would I would recommend keeping this model moving forward and Anthony you you get
to tell us you're in charge so we are holding you accountable to that and we are you know
community is gonna keep that so more timeers let me mention there's a time that cool the transition
time is so let's just put a big one on the side just to put it all back on it I'll put a big one
there for you because the big one with the timer no seriously I mean Mavid thank you so much
obviously you heard it here folks I mean this project in the new era it's really moving in
the right direction which is just very engaging and obviously I'd like to share a little bit more
around the run what we've been doing within the platforms base mama and I've been chatting
about that is just so at the community also knows we've got a passion for gaming and very
and various other things so you know we've got a lot of projects that we're looking at and I keep
I'm talking around the the rareable partnership that's one of those that we're driving which
is going to really give the community such incredible value from you know in a team marketplace
perspective and a Robert and a few guys behind the scenes of brother something in the works with
the token launch pads so that's something we'll sort of look forward to there's a little
helpful in this ecosystem that we're talking about driving the revenue agenda and obviously ultimately
having that drives revenue and value within this whole time project ecosystem to be
dead hold us thanks to everybody really looking forward to the next couple of weeks as we
gear out to TG and looking forward to everything else that's going to take place so it's an exciting
time yeah oh just over here I'm going to be live streaming the buildathon to the orientation for that
so one hour from now that's that's incredible I know as action is flick to Andrew and a few
of them you know this you you can't believe the band is in the credit that I've just signed off on so
this is there's a lot of amazing things that are going to come out of that and yeah so thank you
everybody obviously it's been a big moment and looking forward to you know what's going to happen
over the next couple of weeks and you know this is a great format as we say in onwards and upwards
so thank you yeah thank you thanks everyone yeah thanks so much and the thought you this a
mcc show thank you yeah you know the audience thank you all thank you guys thank you all
yeah that's the brings to the end of all to this a mcc show that's a lot of the act
it's been a great discussion and it's brought the session we have seen how much of the
blog deck didn't fill us their community not just in a word about the interaction and future plans
Yeah, they're building toward the entire structure, which will allow the community to have a stronger voice and true sense of ownership in shipping the data from the project.
That shows the real commitment to decentralization and collaboration.
A big thank you to Nikola Stavis and Tony Charner, Ray Stavis and Mohammed Adam for joining us today.
And taking time to share their insight with everyone here.
And of course, thank you to keep the question committee for tuning in and engaging.
So if we have any questions or what to stay up there, feel free to join the blog there community.
You can find all the official links in our announcement.
Yeah, that's all for today's session.
Thank you all for joining.
And we'll see you in our next, Aaron, keep the question.
Thank you.
Let's see, can you all see me?
My whole thing's messed up here.
Let me fix it all.
I'm going to stay on for a second and take some more questions and feedback.
All right, well, that was pretty good.
I'm surprised that all of that stuff got done pretty quick.
I think we're all smart enough if we've been here for a while to let me turn this.
Let me turn this meeting off in the background there.
To understand what was said without Anthony actually saying it is that GK is out.
That's basically what it boils down to.
Uh, do I be a pro is no longer in charge of the marketing is what it sounds like to me.
And we can really move forward with some positive positive deal.
I did not expect it to go this quickly.
I thought that it would be a bigger fight and I think that I'm cautiously very optimistic.
So, you know, I want to go to the chat here.
I wasn't able to keep up all the way.
If you guys want to throw some questions out there that you have about some caveats or some things that weren't touched on that well,
I can try and maybe get some more information out to you prior to shutting this live stream down.
But overall, like I said, this is, this is a, you know, like on Babe Ruth walks up to the dead gum plate.
He points out where he's going to send that ball and he was able to do it many times.
And I think Anthony was actually able to do that with this.
He walked up to the plate here a few weeks ago and said,
he was going to do and what he was trying to do and then actually achieved it.
And the reason why he was able to achieve it is because of community standing behind him.
And, you know, I can't say your name, Mr. Dyer.
I can't say for 100% sure whether WPRO is actually out.
But I can't say that now, Anthony is responsible and is taking responsibility.
If we start seeing any, I'm trying not to curse.
If we start seeing any silly stuff coming out of marketing that we can hold his feet to the fire and say whoever's doing that means to be fired.
And so if they're not out late, they, they will be shortly.
I think is basically what I'm trying to say is my opinion.
These are my opinions.
By the way, this is not financial advice.
I'm just a regular guy. I don't know. I'm not licensed to be a financial advisor or anything like that.
I'm just a hard work in dude.
And so, sounds like we should wait out the transition for more investment.
To be honest with you, at half a penny, I think that you're getting, what would that be?
That would be like, that's what, six pricing, something like that.
Now it might be the time to stock up a little bit if you want some more base tokens at half a penny.
Basically, last March is pricing.
I think my first purchase was about that price point.
So as much as, you know, I trust Anthony. I'll tell you what.
I trust Lisa, I speak with Lisa regularly. She has a heart of gold.
She's a lioness and she's a warrior and she trusts Anthony too.
So I trust him.
And if he says that that transition is taking place, I, I believe it.
And if we see that there is issues that exist, that still exist, that we were noticing during this last year and a half or more,
then we know how to address it at this point.
And can actually, can actually enact some change and hopefully it won't be as difficult.
All right, so that's my thoughts on that.
Did we know when the 86, we don't know about the 86 million dollar investor if he's in?
I think that's going to be coming here in the near term, as far as the information about it,
they still have to figure out how the tokenomics are going to work around that completely.
So that is still a thing.
These are all the things I've wanted to hear about defy development, driving value,
love this great AMA today.
Thank you so much.
I was really honored to be a part of it.
And I'm honored to have been able to speak for a lot of you guys.
And I know there's some people that think that we aren't doing enough.
But, you know, I mean, we're definitely doing the best that we can.
I think that today kind of shows that what we were able to do has been successful.
And so no, I don't think the large investor is a lot.
Montana has taken back the reins.
We are moving forward Tony Montagna.
I told you, man, I told you.
All right, so investors like letting you know their people.
I'm sorry running out of ideas.
I can't understand what that's saying.
Thank you Simon.
So yeah, I mean,
ZK seems to be no longer in control of anything.
That is what I got out of it.
Remember when they said he was just involved with the marketing side with his company?
Now we hear all authority has been shifted from him.
That's pretty much what I got out of it.
You know, we're working off of perceived information.
But I think that a no answer in a lot of cases is as clear as saying,
In fact, yes, it is what it is.
And he should just stay in there in there.
I don't know.
Go do something else and try to hustle people.
It's not a good looking and you pay that in spades.
The evil that you do in life you pay for.
I believe that wholeheartedly.
Those guys got black tag to the value that it is.
This is wonderful.
Anthony is in charge now.
I love that.
Especially if we are getting contacted with special bonus offers.
Yeah, I'm not a big fan of these special bonus offers.
But master commander.
Yeah, if you're getting some good deals now is definitely good deals.
Because I spoke with Anthony that most likely we're going to be doing a price jump when the 0.0015 was in play.
After reductions that actually put the effective price at a brown half of penny.
So we've been selling it around half of penny for this whole 0.0015.
And now you're getting all that for base coins.
So it should have been higher.
I thought we should have been closer to a penny.
Many people can.
Can a test that we were talking about the penny range is probably a good reset price.
But it is what it is.
It's a good deal for investors if you want to buy right now.
If you if you feel like some trust has been earned back.
And if you feel like Anthony's.
Doing it since then it might be a good idea for you.
So again, they announced a big investor, but he isn't there for sure yet.
That's my understanding.
Yeah, Jay Carme says the bonus issue was an intentional set up from the CMO with CEO acceptance.
I disagree there wholeheartedly.
I know that wasn't the case, but I'm not going to try to change your mind.
I think the issue is put the information out there.
Okay, batch nine was half of penny.
All right.
Thank you, Master Commander.
Assuming it's option.
It's the option chosen.
How does option for impact this again?
I think it impacts the most fairness and the actual percentages will.
Still be yet to be termed determined and there will be a few.
Aspects of that that that are are upcoming.
I don't have the answer.
That's for sure.
Our funds still going to GK or does Anthony has immediate control.
He said it's all going to multi-sig wallets.
That is what he said during this AMA.
I have no other information.
The new the control change over was news to me and welcome news.
So more to come on all that.
But he said we would be able to audit it.
So the multi-sig wallets will be able to be audited.
That's what he said.
So I have to believe that that is the case.
Anthony spoke with more authority and confidence in in the past.
Thank you.
Thank you, Chris Andrews.
That is a fact we have an empowered CEO.
And yeah.
Thank you, CG.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Copy soul solutions.
I appreciate it.
Option four sounds bad for me with the same money.
I can buy more than double with current price investing in one year.
I don't know that that's the case.
I'm not 100% sure on that angel.
I don't think that you can know that either since the percentages haven't been released.
But you know, if you feel that way, Anthony put it out there to contact him personally.
Once all the information is out and have your numbers all ran and he'll look at your situation.
And you know, that this is the ongoing conversation.
He's not setting anything in stone.
And we're trying to find the best solution.
And even my heart of hearts that Anthony is trying to find the very best solution for this.
Mess that has been creative.
Thank you, Joel.
I appreciate that.
Communication with the community has been exponentially better this week.
Excited.
Thank you.
Yes, Anthony will now be the real CEO.
Great communication.
Please could you create a summary of the most important decisions made at the meeting.
I'm really too busy to be honest with you.
Wish I could, but the YouTube video will be up.
You can watch it 10 times and make a summary.
And if you want to post it on our social media, that would be great.
Remember, everybody is somebody and it's not me who has to do everything.
And I'm going to know I'm kind of a smart LX sometimes.
I don't think you really realize just how many hours I've got into this thing.
And I just can't.
I'm also an ambassador.
I need to be doing builds with fun stuff.
I'm trying to get a whole bunch of builds.
If you're not on the build with fun or having signed up, I recommend doing it.
It would be really good for the community to get some ideas out there.
And maybe be able to collaborate with some other people and everybody work together.
And see what we can build out of this chain.
I think it'd be awesome.
We all come from different walks of life and have different life experiences.
And I can think of things that we can put on chain that developers and stuff like that.
Hold on.
It's siety.
Hey, you're live.
What's up?
Don't be cousin.
Bye.
Just thinking, guys.
All right.
I'm going to buy some coins just because I have not gotten any a long time.
Plus I'm glad they stopped.
Great. Awesome.
How are we going to get our 433 million back?
Do you have any idea to do it?
Ox.
I don't.
You're not paying attention, man.
Really?
Dad got me.
Sometimes you frustrate me more than anybody.
He said, multi-sig wallets, auditable.
There will be stuff there.
They will try to give a high level audit.
It is what it is.
I mean, the act like we're going to get the money back.
It's not going back in our pockets.
We'll just have to see what happens.
You have to be patient.
We have a CEO who's in charge is the honest man.
So that's all I can say about that.
Please, could you create us?
No, okay.
About 90 million coins sold at half a penny.
Why is the CEO not responding to the Zack XBT claim?
Most likely because that's part of an agree.
And this is my opinion.
This is my opinion.
I don't know this for a fact.
But it's probably part of the agreement between the CEO and
people who have been running and marketing and finance, which is probably GK.
And that he will give up control if he can no longer be put out there on blast.
So all control will be over in Anthony and you know, screw it.
Just get out of our lives, DK.
We don't want you here.
Anthony is a good faith actor for sure.
I completely agree.
Okay, where do you sign up?
Let's see.
Let me do that real quick.
I think I have the application up right now.
Okay, yeah.
I've got so many windows open.
I don't even know.
I think it's under developer hub.
All right.
Well, I will.
If you watched the last video that I did, it's the last live stream that
I did.
Let me go back to the studio.
If you watched the last live stream that I did, I think it was yesterday that
they before.
The first seven minutes is like a whole thing on how to sign up for this build
upon.
And it's going to be going for three months.
It's a really great opportunity to build stuff on the ecosystem.
All the information is on that last video I did yesterday.
And yes, completely no more bonuses anymore.
I mean, there might be a private client network deal
to where if you spend a lot of money 10, 20, 30 grand,
they might give you 10 or 20 percent discount or something that
affects.
But no more bonuses.
It's all based coins.
It's my understanding.
But something like that.
Why should GAK have left?
Was it too risky for him?
I don't know, man.
I'm not a scammer.
I'm not a piece of garbage.
I don't know.
Why would you over sell coins?
Why would you do all that stuff?
I don't know.
All right.
That's it.
I've kind of put the questions.
I've got 45 minutes.
I'm going to get ready for the build of thorn.
And I'll be live streaming again here in 45 minutes.
Thank you.
And you'll have a great day.
Great day.
